the marketing genius behind elon musk
elon musk is the richest person in the
world he created spacex tesla and even
paypal
so how does elon generate buzz and sell
he does crazy marketing stunts now let's
look at some of the marketing sites that
elon has pulled off
when he released tesla the cyber truck
he did a stunt where he had the cyber
truck and a ford f-150 where they had a
tug-of-war match right they were tied
together and guess who won
it was the tesla cyber truck nose
controversial because they say some
people said hey the tesla started first
so it was easier for them to win but it
doesn't matter it created tons of bus
now with the cyber truck he also won her
show that was indestructible so he had
one of his team members take a steel
ball and throw it at the cyber truck
window
and because it was armored glass he was
saying that it shouldn't have broke but
guess what happened the window broke and
then they're like should we try this
again he's like yeah i'll try it again
through another window guess what
happened it broke
now his child is named after a password
reset default
flamethrowers over 20 000 of them were
sold
he launched a tesla roadster into space
literally into space there's no need for
it to be in space but he did and it
created tons of press and he implanted a
chip in a pig's brain in essence he has
grown his companies through
unconventional marketing scents some are
controversial but it works
just think of it this way you're
probably wondering neil
how could it really work throw a you
know steel ball cyber truck window and
it breaks why would people buy the cyber
truck then well
there are already
661 thousand results for the keyword
cyber truck window right it's people
talking about the tesla cyber truck
window
that truck isn't even out yet and so
many people are talking about it that
even though it's an epic failure it's
generated a lot of sales
and guess how many sales is generated
right with over 661 000 people
according to the notebook check there
are over 80 billion dollars worth of
pre-sales not million i'm talking about
billion with the b
that's how effective his stunts are even
when they don't work it's still
producing revenue so what can you learn
from elon
think outside the box now here's an
example of how i've thought outside the
box like elon even though i can't
compare to sending a car into space and
my ideas still aren't as good as elon
hence i'm not as successful but one of
my ideas was everyone's paying for
software marketing software like semrush
hrefs moz why not give away most of what
they charge for for free literally like
90 plus percent of the stuff they charge
for for free
i did that with ubersuggest and you know
what it's my most popular page on my
website has over 20 000 referring
backlinks
and it's been effective it's a number
one channel that my ad agency np digital
now generates sales from all because
we're willing to give away something for
free that others weren't it was
expensive to do that but it's more than
paid off it's way cheaper than us buying
ads on google or facebook now it doesn't
mean you shouldn't buy ads on google or
facebook if that's profitable do that as
well too but think outside the box
because it gives you a leg up on your
competition help my ad agency be the
21st fastest growing company in the
united states according to inc magazine
now if you need help thinking outside
the box and leveraging some cool
strategies kind of like how tesla does
or elon does check out my ad agency np
digital if you have any questions leave
a comment below if you enjoyed the video
like it share it tell the people about
it thank you for watching